Recording on share screen on.
OK.
So this is the the broad view Emma down
the left there some of those success
metrics that we we hope to get from the
OK.
the program and why we're doing this the
top on the right.
So these are the the typical reasons why.
Ask may get queries in from from the
organisation and we're implementing that
system across the bottom layer.
They're the different channels that
employees can request by at the moment.
So telephony, e-mail, walk up,
they'll still be there as part of this
programme.
And in this phase one kind of focus on
employee centre and implementing a very
good experience for employees to to make
requests as of ask and the the IT
department.
So a lot of this call will be focusing on
actually what how employee centre will be
set up to do that for for ask reporting
requests.
And then just below that in the orange
there all the functions that are in scope
and across the bottom is a little bit
about the the tool itself.
So ServiceNow able to integrate with many
things.
Mature platform has many workflows that
can be designed and built in there,
which is what we're going to look at
today actually.
So hopefully it comes a bit more to life
when I when I get into the the bulk of it.
Any questions at this stage, Emma,
should we move on?
No, not at this point, thanks.
I think the only bit I would add, Josh,
just for Emma's benefit is the biggest
OK, cool.
OK.
problem change with ServiceNow to share
well for you guys will be how requests
come in.
So we will have a portal this time and
OK.
that's the way that we'll be looking for
the firm and our stakeholders to engage
with us rather than send an e-mail.
So we'll hopefully.
They have a bit more control over what
kind of information we gather from our
OK.
requesters, etcetera.
So that's what these kind of sessions
have been leading up to,
to understand the process a little bit
better and what kind of information we
can gather in there, so.
It's just kind of following on from that.
It's good just to have context that
OK.
that's how requests will come in.
Thanks, Joe,
and happy to kind of show you how the the
employee centre works, Emma,
but there'll be training as part of this
programme.
We will have a lot of time in the system
to to see how it how it works and how to
use it, etcetera.
OK.
OK, cool. So today, yeah, as I said,
we we we discussed with Stephen and
Gordon and Wayne over the past couple of
weeks about how we could go about the
requesting for for reports.
We initially said we could just offer
users a drop down with the different
reports available and then ask them if
they want to create a new report.
If it's not on the list, of course,
edit an existing report,
delete an existing report.
Or have an extract from a existing report
and the feedback we got was that we
actually want to make it a bit more
simple for users if they didn't know what
they wanted.
So I built this to try and capture both
tracks. So if they know what they want,
if they know the report they want,
or if they don't.
So I'm kind of just going to walk through
the logic of of how that could work in
the portal essentially.
So what I'm proposing is a a single
catalog item or form in the in the portal
called Manage Reports. And yeah,
I'll just kind of read it because it's
the clearest way.
Users would complete a simple form and
starts by asking what they want to do.
And for existing report requests that
would indicate they know the report or
not. If they do then provide it.
If not then they describe their need and
the team would need to identify it and
kind of consult on that.
Requests would land with the reporting
team queue where you'll be able to review
self assign and work on them.
We did look at automatic assignment last
time we spoke.
I think with the conclusion we came to
was that we want to manually assign,
land them in the queue,
team sees them and we can manually assign
them as needed and we'll be able to
automatically send notifications to who
we want.
I think at the moment I was thinking.
If we go with an e-mail notification to
the requester, maybe when it's submitted,
when it's completed,
but that's kind of preliminary thought.
I know there's a broader view about where
do we want to be sending emails,
so I wouldn't take that as as gospel.
I think it would we need to be fed into
from the broader approach on
notifications.
But in the employee centre,
as some of you may know,
anyone that makes the request will have a
list of requests they've historically
made.
If there's been any response to those,
if it's been completed or if it's had any
kind of.
Questions on it,
then the user can engage with an agent in
the employee centre.
So there might not be a need for a e-mail
all the time if the requester is in the
employee centre.
Just another one of the benefits it
brings on the other benefits here. OK,
that leads nicely into it,
so this will give you better visibility.
On demand,
you'll be able to see what requests are
getting,
what type of what reports are getting,
what type of requests will reduce back
and forth emails because as I mentioned,
you'll be able to go back and forth in
the employee center if needed and it will
give you that audit trail because we're
collecting data from these requests.
Which of course lets you identify
patterns. You guys are the reporting team,
so you know that more more than well
assignments. So as I said,
we'll start with manual assignment was
what we came to last time.
So you have more control and later when
we have some more data,
we can look at automation to see if that
can speed things up for you guys.
So that's an overview,
but I've I've done a bit of a semi Visio
that may help some of you.
I've also done a more descriptive version.
So what I'm suggesting here is that users
would first select what they want to do
for existing report requests at that top
branch there users an indicator that know
the report name.
If yes,
then find it in a list and search it as
well. If no,
then they'd need to skip to describing it
for their need. Of course,
that's easier for the *** reporting team
if they know the report and they were
able to state that in the request.
If they don't know it,
then we'd have to understand from the
description what it is and there's some
back and forth.
But at least if we give them the option,
then it could save a lot of time in that.
And on the other branch, Yep,
the new reports. Hey, Gordon. Yep.
Sorry, Josh. Yeah,
I was just on the bit where they enter
the report name.
Is it possible to link that to our list
of scheduled reports,
almost like a search function for them?
Yes. So it depends how you want to do it.
Probably like the the simplest way could
be managing a list within ServiceNow.
If we maintain a list within ServiceNow,
Mhm.
I'm not sure if you're thinking of an
integration to an an external system, OK.
Yeah. So no, no, no.
It would be based on the the regular
reports that we already do.
So they're going to be well and share
well their scheduled tickets,
you know they they are caught on a
Mm.
pre-arranged basis.
So if there was a way for the user to
search those for the report looking for
that might be quite useful.
As long as there's somewhere in service
now,
then yet we can reference a list of
reports that exist.
Yeah.
OK, cool.
We can,
we can take take this back Josh and then
let them be assessed the final set of
reports we are building etcetera.
We will put that as a choice list on this
one is kind of picked up.
Yep.
Cool.
Yeah, that's what I was thinking. Yeah,
cool. OK.
I'm just wondering if there's any other
requests that might not be in that list
that we might be needed that we could
concatenate on to the end of the list.
Eric,
but that we can we can look it offline.
I think it's something that will come out
the back of the workshops anyway.
Yeah, yeah, definitely. That's one. Yeah,
we can give both options, right?
They'll probably be quite a whole.
We can have the list and if it's not
there, we can also ask for a name.
OK.
So we can if it's new one,
then you can always ask what you want
from it, et cetera.
So we can combine both and have a hybrid
Yeah.
Yeah, maybe,
maybe some kind of free text option as
which.
Yep.
well. Within this organization,
there's probably thousands and thousands
Correct.
of report, you know,
just in different systems, free,
Yeah.
you'll have reporting capabilities,
fusion, etcetera.
So to try and capture them all would be.
An impossible task. Um, but yeah.
Right.
Mm.
OK.
Definitely, yeah.
Gordian,
see for the see for the scheduled ones,
Mhm.
is there there's like 300 odd isn't there?
Is that is that is that all in or is that
There.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
would that be what would be available
within the search like if you were to
have that?
That that would be what I would imagine
what was available in the search.
So they're the ones that we've already
got established as regular reports.
Mhm.
So if someone wants to change that one of
those reports or decommission it,
delete it, they could search that list.
Cool. And Josh, sorry, go on.
I don't know.
It might make life easier for them.
It might not thinking out loud.
Yeah. And Josh, do you know,
is there any like limit on how many can
show in the search function of like would
300 odd be OK if we went down that route?
No limit. Yeah, it's fine. No problem.
Hundreds is fine. Even thousands is fine,
Yeah. OK. Yeah.
And and nothing.
but thousands is hard to search on.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah,
the the the other thing too with one of
ServiceNow's capabilities is as they
start typing it would bring up close to
that item.
So they're not scrolling up and down,
Yeah.
you know,
desperately trying to find the the the
said item.
And also if they're not sure if they've
Yeah.
got a keyword they can use the star.
Wild card and put that in as well,
which also accelerates them to find their
target, you know, item.
Yeah.
Yeah, move the sequel start. Yeah.
And I was debating over do we want to
Sure.
also put in a field for what department
or area or team is the report in but in
in the with the looking at.
UX maybe we don't want to do that user
experience and I don't know if you guys
would value that data or would that data
just be available from the reports
metadata anyway?
Yeah,
I think what's probably more valuable is
Come on.
the customer's department,
but that's probably going to be captured
Yeah.
anyway, isn't it?
I imagine that would be a field in the
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, absolutely. Yeah. OK, cool.
So that's that route. And then, yeah,
customer table somewhere. So yeah.
if they need a new report,
I think when you touched on it,
if they need a new report,
then they need to describe it to you guys
and we need to understand it a bit of a
bit more of a consulting style role and
then.
If they need help, of course,
that's also a the description.
I've said that if it's a change,
delete or new,
then we'd ask for justification.
Do you guys agree with that?
Yeah, that's fine. Yeah, absolutely. Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, I think that makes sense, yeah.
I think one of one of the other things,
Josh,
just think about that one and again just
you may have it covered later or whatever.
Yep.
But another important thing would be to
ask the outcome.
I often ask the business what outcome are
they trying to get when I present these
because ultimately they can say, well,
I want to do this because I want to do
that and then yeah, yeah,
but what are actually because they're.
Your outcome might not match their ask.
And then you've got the benefit of saying,
well, if you're looking for that,
you actually need this report or you need
to do something,
you know that can be a handy
consideration.
Yeah,
sounds good to me if if everyone's on
board of that.
Yeah.
Just just one more point.
Is there any approvals, George,
Yep.
you think will be needed and then the
team especially with?
Or I've I've got a checklist of things to
go through, Parikia.
That is one of the things, but we can.
OK, lovely. Great. I'm jumping to them.
Apologies.
Yeah, yeah, no,
it's it's a good time to talk about it.
We're looking at a workflow. So, so yeah,
why not approvals? Yeah,
would would any of these need that?
I mean, you know,
technically you could if we're selecting
a report name, we could say.
If you select a specific report name,
then you could trigger an approval,
but I don't want to go down that route.
Could we look at more?
If we're deleting a report,
do we need a approval from somebody?
For example.
Yeah, yeah, it's it's something that.
Yeah.
It would depend on the report, yeah.
Yeah, we need to probably firm,
but the team manager a lot of this stuff
Oh, OK.
fairly informally at the moment,
the the kind of process in place,
Yeah.
we probably could use the system to
mature in that area slightly and
Mhm.
particularly decommissions changes.
Ideally we would be getting approval from
the report owner who got,
Yeah.
and you can correct me if I'm wrong,
but usually listed on the report
Yeah.
catalogue who owns that report overall.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
There's they'll be the sort of main,
main contact for the recipients, yeah.
Do you have any,
do you have any Gordon that's sensitive?
Uh,
you know which which might need approval
Yeah.
to say yes, it's OK to release that.
Yeah, we do.
And that's probably more based on the
Yeah.
type of data that's been requested.
So for example,
salary data or personal identifiable
information that needs to be approved.
Obviously we do have a pre-approval
process in place where we can use.
Yep.
The HR database to look up what people
are already allowed access to.
OK.
Yeah.
Beyond that,
it needs to go to data privacy. Hema,
that's right, isn't it?
Data privacy will give us, yeah,
Oh yeah, that's can compliant. Yeah. Data.
Data protection, yeah.
risk and compliance. Yeah,
they'll give us permission to release it.
If the person isn't already pre-approved,
that's their decision.
So that's maybe that as a sort of
separate.
Yeah.
Workflow if you like.
So, so it could be,
so it could be that in that we yeah where
we recognise those that we can auto
generate some of those reports to that
team to say so that it's again uses the
automation and you have the audit trail
of that approval,
you'll be able to see that in the ticket
Mhm.
and things.
Yeah, that would be good, yeah.
That would be pretty good, yeah,
that'd be awesome.
OK, yeah,
I will be publishing a a note of
everything that we discuss here and
actions out of this. By the way,
that's why we're recording it. OK, cool.
That sounds good.
Any other questions on workflow,
we can come back to it.
Otherwise I'll speak around a couple of.
Other less critical points if you will.
Otherwise I'll I'll move on.
No, no questions.
Can we maybe just one thing on the
workflow, Josh,
Yeah.
that when someone's requesting a new
report,
could we have one date field in there and
just ask them when it's required by?
When it's required by Yep, OK.
Because that's quite often something that
they miss out in their e-mail when they
need it and then they'll chase it because
they haven't got it so.
So when they Gordon, just sorry,
just picking up on that one when you when
Yeah.
it's a new report,
are there sort of are there sort of
preset stack of question or Josh,
you're going to come to that in another
view or are you because you you could at
the point of which they say new you could
No.
say you could actually sort of get them
to guide.
Little.
A little bit more about what they're
actually, you know,
what are the sort of column headings or
what are the sorts of things that you
would that they would be looking for or
what? How do they want it?
Do they want it presented in a graph?
Do they want it presented in a table?
You know,
some of these things are things that you
Mhm.
can you you can put,
even if it's just a tick list, you know.
I want, you know,
a table form and a graph form or
something. Yeah,
those things that you would.
Want the, you know,
want them to be able to give you an
initial.
It just accelerates your ability to plan
Yeah, I think, well,
it's something we don't get at the moment,
for it, right?
Mark, because they do it by e-mail,
but I think a lot of that would be useful.
It's, yeah.
I think as a as an absolute bare minimum
would be the date that is required,
who the recipients are.
And.
You know whether it's a what frequency
it's on, if it's in your regular report,
those would be the three bare minimum
things that we would request I think.
Yeah.
So we could do some of those as mandatory.
Mm-hmm. Yeah.
And so I think,
sorry Josh and forgive me sort of jumping
Yeah.
in here, but hopefully it's helpful.
What you what you might want to do is
just take a little outside of this
session,
have a little think about the things if
you know instead of it coming in the
e-mail, splodge your words, what sort?
Mhm.
What sorts of things would you ask and
what would you want to have for sure?
OK.
Structure those as a as a simple list and
then what we can do is take that away and
fold that in.
So when they select that option,
they're presented with those fields of
which they can populate,
which enables you to have a better run at
it when it lands in your laps to action.
Yeah.
Cool. Yeah, we can do that. Um, yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, we can work on that, Gordon.
Right. All right.
Sorry for when is this due by.
I know you're kind of expecting a date.
Is it the only reason?
I'm kind of questioning it is because if
you get so many requests in I see a date,
they'll just go well up for today or
tomorrow.
The right, you know.
Is.
Yeah.
There a.
Is there something that helps you to
differentiate that you know? OK,
it might be for month end reporting.
It might be for leadership meeting that's
coming up.
It might be for you know.
Is there something that kind of is
indicative to the?
Oh, actually, no.
That is a high price,
one that helps us to prioritize it,
because if we can cut some of it just
becomes a little bit easier for you in
It's.
the team rather than just getting that.
Yeah, I don't.
I don't think we're particularly good at
I need it by tomorrow.
prioritization and I think the reason for
that is it.
What would be a high priority is
something that would be critical to the
business,
but the reporting team won't necessarily
know what's critical to the business.
You know,
we we basically if it comes from a
C-suite employee or a director,
we're going to do it straight away.
If it comes from someone else,
then you know that's kind of how it works
at the moment.
So yeah, I mean,
I appreciate they probably will just put
Yeah.
in the earliest date they can if we ask
them for it.
That's baby up to us to then manage our
customers a bit better and say, OK,
you've requested this for today,
but you know.
Well, so, so again Gordon,
some of the things you can do is you if
if you know that your typical turn around
is say 3 days,
what you can do is when they select when
it's due, if we give them a date thing,
it will grey out and they'll only ever be
able to select.
Giving you enough time, right.
So there there's some smart things to
OK.
sort of consider in the broader design
that you can go, well,
actually if if they they can't have it
tomorrow,
if you know you need 48 hours or 36 hours.
So ultimately you present that so they
OK.
Mhm.
can only ever select.
It with enough lead time for you to
action might be something.
Yeah.
And then what you could do is you could
have an open field to say you know when
when I sort of talked about the outcome
or whatever,
you could say you know preferred date or
target date or you know what I mean just
as an indicative field.
Mhm.
So that you've won when you're setting
the expectations say there's a lead time
Yeah.
and the second level then says so that
you can see when they because they might
they might you know say well I want it
for the end of the week and it's Monday
Yeah.
and then somebody else might say I want
it you know for Thursday or and then it
that helps you.
Although it's not perfect,
it's an indicative view and then you can
build upon it as you get used to the
system.
You might be able to then start refining
what you you know,
how you draw out that prioritisation.
Yeah, no,
that that would actually be quite good.
I like sounding up.
Yep, I just to be, yeah,
careful about wording on it when we say
I'm glad.
so they don't think it's a promised date.
Yeah, yeah.
And.
OK. Well, again,
Emma and I could probably catch up on
Yeah.
I think, Josh, that's why I was using it.
That's why I was using indicative as a,
that as well.
Yeah.
you know,
or target or something like that.
So it's not locked,
but it helps you see what you need to do
by.
Yeah. Any other thoughts, Gordon,
while we're here?
No, I think we're good there.
I think Emma and I can add that to us to
things we'll talk about so.
Absolutely, yeah.
All right, great. What else do we have?
So for those where where the report name
is provided,
I guess stuff probably seems obvious,
but you know,
be able to verify easier processing
faster.
Faster etc.
So that's kind of the benefits of of
having the name where the users will will
use that function or if they'll just try
to skip it.
I mean we we can try and get them to do
that with some some good labeling and and
wording,
but it's definitely beneficial whereas
yeah as I said if they if they're fully.
So the description route then is a put a
bit more back and forth,
but you do have that kind of chat
functionality within ServiceNow,
so it's like a comments back and forth.
So keep saying that, yeah.
Yeah, that's, yeah. Again,
that'll be a big benefit.
No good.
I think what happens at the moment is the
customer will find out who the tickets
are sent to and then message them in
teams and then there's no,
Yeah.
there's no audit trail then it's not,
it's not. So yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, I can.
I can share how that looks as well and if
that will help help visualize it.
And yeah, OK.
So I kind of mentioned earlier about
having the where we manage that list of
reports from. So I guess,
I guess before the call I would.
Thought we could have that table of
reports in in ServiceNow with their
metadata and I think this was this was
Mark's idea.
But if if there's a new like a request
for a new report or to delete a report,
then at the end of that request we can
add a task in just to remind the team we
need to.
Edit that that managed list of reports so
that it's an up-to-date list.
But what we saying earlier, sorry,
so the for the list of reports we are
saying that we want to get that from
within ServiceNow. I think Parik you.
He will speak into that.
All that all that would be within service
now the list of reports.
Correct.
Yeah, OK, cool.
Yeah.
So that's just kind of a note as to what
we can do to make sure that that all
flows together and just check with the
things I wanted to make sure we came out
of here weird.
So who can make the request?
Is it open to everybody to be able to
make this request?
Yeah.
Cool, cool, cool.
You guys own in form design.
I'll take all those bits on board.
If you guys are able to to share with me
what would be useful in the new form
request, I can include that.
Yeah.
So, yeah, that makes sense.
We'll kind of go if we're happy to go
ahead with this preliminary workflow,
get those fields in.
That can conclude that one. Hey, Jill.
I'm just thinking out loud here. Sorry,
just take me a wee minute to work through
that workflow piece and what reports
we're talking about here. But Emma,
Gordon, have you get any?
I know you've got live checks on SOPs.
Do they sit under this process?
Is it somewhere else?
If you get any other kind of live checks
or peer checks that you do within?
the teams on any of these ones that need
to be included in the workflow.
Definitely. It does. Yeah,
the checks aren't recorded anywhere at
That just kind of sits separate,
I would say, yeah.
the moment. They sit separately.
So the SOPS are obviously a peer check.
What's the others?
That's fine.
I think we've got an opportunity to start
Yeah.
capturing them in the system.
We can use an approval workflow to do
Yeah, definitely. Mm-hmm.
Alright, OK.
that and can embed the checklist within
that workflow.
So just maybe not for this workflow,
but whichever one it is,
Yeah.
That'll be good.
just keep that in mind so that we
consider that kind of stuff.
A good shout Joe.
The other point just around that overall
Yeah.
workflow is there is probably an end to
end piece here with the data engineering
Um.
team that sit within IT and particularly
for any new requests.
If there isn't for instance a data model
available or we don't have access to
particular data sets, there would be.
Instances we would have to we'd like to
triage into the data engineering team to
make that data available for us reporting
to report on and a lot of that happens
off system right now and can feel like a
bit of a black hole when we don't really
We can, yeah, we, yeah,
totally we we can absolutely do it.
get visibility but.
So what the team can do,
what we'll think about when we structure
the flow will be once they get it in,
they can either initiate a task or they
can say yes,
I need some data engineering support.
They can, you know,
it'll either pull out some of the content.
From the existing record,
save them having to type it and then they
just put an instruction in what they want
the data engineering team to do for them.
You know that is that is achievable
because I said I assume currently do you
go into chair one and raise a ticket for
them to do that data engineering or is it
just send an e-mail?
It.
To someone in the group and say can you
help us?
I think it goes into Cherwell,
but we use e-mail as we emailed the
Yeah.
engineering team e-mail address and that
creates a Cherwell ticket.
Yeah.
But as Wayne says there's no visibility
on it,
it disappears in a black hole and you
know.
Well, exactly. And the benefit,
and This is why I'm saying have it as an
as amalgamated task, right,
associated with the record is you'll
always be able to see where it is.
You'll see whether that person's put it
Yeah.
as work in progress,
whether they've got done any work notes
in it, for example.
Now we'll have a look at what that looks
like.
But what we'll do is when we get to that
position, we will, you know,
we'll engage with the community,
the IT team, because ultimately,
who's is that Caroline's organization
they sit in?
Yeah, it will be.
Yeah, yeah. So we one of the products,
yeah. So,
So what we would do is we'll align and
then, you know,
because they're going to be on board with
their own instant problem change and all
of that lovely good stuff,
we'll just assign it straight to their
queue.
They'll be able to pick it up just as any
other task as long as we've got the
content that enables them to take the
actions that you're looking for.
For you're then again through the notes,
you'll be able to track, interact,
you know, follow that through to fruition,
right?
Yeah, sounds good.
I think Josh,
that's a that's a absolute certainty to
do that because we talk about the
interoperability a lot across anywhere
Mhm.
where there's something going into an
established,
especially the like the IT squad,
we need to be driving it through as a
task auto generated.
And I'm assuming you don't need fences
support. Sorry, not fences. What?
That would be.
The engineering?
Is that what you call them? Sorry,
The engine.
I guess you don't need their support on
every single request that comes in.
No. Yeah.
It's only certain ones. Yeah,
so it's maybe not.
Yeah, I to be, yeah.
Yeah.
I need that.
Automatic in the workflow is just having
the option to be able to create that
It will be a tick.
What what we're set up Jill is something
Yeah.
workflow, yeah.
like where they go data engineering
required for example when they assessed
it and they can do a tick save and what
it will do is it will generate the task
Yeah. And then that kicks off.
and then they can or or what it will do
is we'll have it so that they can.
Perfect.
You know, they've got the option to say,
you know,
create a task on the bottom of that
record and assign it specifically to,
you know, to that. There's there's more,
there's lots of ways of doing it.
If it's if it's an absolute against a
given type of report that you know you're
always going to need,
then we can make that an auto one based
upon the name of the report.
Or the type of the report.
Or what we can do, as I say,
Yeah.
is do it so the team can manually
initiate a task that's linked to the
record and goes off and takes action.
Oh, thank you.
Great. That would be a a huge,
huge win for us just in terms of trying
Yeah, yeah.
to sort that operating model.
That'd be a huge benefit, yeah.
Hmm.
Mhm.
No.
Yeah.
Great. OK, cool. And I guess in that,
in that line of thinking,
are there any other bits like that in the
workflow, Gordon or Remy,
you can think of that we could cover any
other intricacies?
There's probably one or two with other
ask teams that we work really closely
with particularly ask client. You know,
I think some of the some of the jobs that
Yep.
ask client do require data from the
reporting team.
And you know,
so we have sort of way of working
together at the moment where we just fire
emails to each other's sharewell,
Yeah. So, so Gordon, do you, do you,
would you be able to have a little look
which is not great.
Yeah.
at the list of those activities and do
the ins and outs.
So whether I call it the gives and the
gets.
Mhm. Yeah, we can. Yeah. Yep.
So when you when you're giving something
out and you need you know for someone
else who's asked of you and then when
you're getting from.
Cool.
The IT will be obviously a get,
it might be worth just running down what
are the and then because we can join up,
we've already had some of those sessions
with that team, you know,
so we would it will enable us to join up
some of those flows and then it will
literally.
Be a, you know,
nice little flow in and out.
Sweet handshakes.
Everybody knows what's going on.
Everybody can sit.
Yeah.
Yeah, go.
So I think we still need to do the
reporting session with client.
We can run out of time on their day for
their workshops,
but that's something we'll ask them to do
as well, Gordon.
So we'll see it from both sides and we'll
be able to line them up.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, cool.
And if it doesn't join up,
we're in trouble.
Yeah.
Is that what you're saying, Jill?
Well, yeah.
OK. And and generally Gordon,
those those was it four things.
So I've got a a query about something,
I need a new report,
need to delete report,
need to change a report.
Are there any other things besides those
that come in at a high level?
The the new report one probably covers
two different things.
So a new regular report or a new one off
report and that's obviously difference
there.
Regular report being it would become a
Hmm.
scheduled thing that happened every
whatever.
Yeah, yeah.
The information would require be fairly
similar other than the fact that we would
need a frequency for the regular ones.
Mhm.
But they are probably slightly different
requests to a one-off report and a
Yeah, yeah, we can.
irregular report.
Yeah, it's good to track those those,
those regular ones.
Brush that.
I can.
We probably want to just put some
governance around approval of that as
well,
so that we're not continually just adding
to the reporting landscape all the time,
but yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
Mhm.
Yeah.
Whatever.
All of these are things that you can ask
smart, you know, smart.
Ask at the front end to give you clues
about what you're then subsequently
building,
Hello.
because it enables you to size the work,
right?
Yeah, absolutely. Cool.
All right, we can do,
we can do some branching in the form to
get us, get all the data we need there.
That is cool.
We can,
when Em and I go back with the various
bits of information,
we'll include something on that as well
about how we would like it to to flow,
if that makes sense.
Yeah.
Yeah, absolutely.
Perfect. Yeah. All right.
I mean that's the that's,
that's the bulk of it. And then approvals,
we've touched on SLASOLAS,
I believe where we've landed at the
moment is that we're going with an ask
wide overlay of 48 hours.
Joe, please remind me,
was that for response or for completion?
And is that the right number?
I don't know if we've decided that yet.
I think we still probably need to have
Um.
It's risky.
that approach and that discussion from an
ask wide perspective.
OK.
I think what we will see about OLAS
though is we will take a structured
approach to that again across ask.
So we'll probably work on OLAS.
So each task will have an OLA again.
Instant,
which will then start to inform what our
SLA should be and we'll discuss how we
roll that out,
I suppose when we are at day one and how
we bring our stakeholders involved and
included in that conversation.
I think it's a good thing and we take
this opportunity to start doing that work
now before we get to day one,
so that we're in a good place that we can
just put them in the system and start
working towards them.
But there's obviously lots of
conversations that will be needed outside
And.
of ask to do that as well. So yeah,
it's something we'll need to kind of.
Yes.
And and I'll just, just,
I'll just add to that Jill, if I may,
Take an ask approach on.
OK.
I know I've said it to you on it,
there's the other ones where we talk
Yeah, that's OK.
about it. But just for these guys,
we'd also the the benefit of starting to
measure and report what we would do is do
a baselining exercise.
So when we look at establishing the OLA,
typically what we would do is you'd start
running and you'd see what you're
typically.
Or throughput was against those sort of
composite items.
And then what we would do is then go,
well typically it takes this much,
you know this much time and then you can
set user expectation at the,
you know when they raise the request and
things like that.
But the important thing is,
you know as Jill says,
we've got to tread carefully because what
you don't want to do is overcome it,
you don't.
Want to, you know, you know,
basically just set something that you cut
that's unrealistic. That's the point.
And the baselining helps us do that.
Yeah.
Yeah, I'd anticipate.
And I think, sorry, Wayne, on you go.
I'm just going to say I'd anticipate for
the reporting team a lot of the SLAS or
the OLAS as well.
I'll probably be based on the T-shirt
sizing that the team do because there is
a wide variety.
Yeah.
Some of it is a quick extract from a
system that might take 5 minutes.
Something else could be development of a
whole new Power BI report.
There may be weeks and weeks of work and
requirements gathering, etcetera.
Yeah, of course.
Mm-hmm. Yeah.
Yeah.
I forgot you guys had that in place.
It might be worth sharing that actually
what that matrix looks like.
I think that'd be useful for the guys to
It shows, isn't it?
see.
Hmm.
It OK.
Very much, yeah. OK. Thanks for,
thanks for clarifying and prioritisation.
Talks a little bit. Come up, yeah.
Sorry, sorry, Josh, forgive me, Wayne,
when you talked about do you treat data
extracts as different from report
construct?
Yeah.
Because that would be another offering.
You would have thought that somebody will
come along and say I just want a data
extract, stick it in a CSV file,
let me play with it and then you've got a
different set of criteria.
Around that,
as if they're saying I actually want a
crafted report, you know,
caressed in a way that I can present to
leadership or something.
In some ways we do.
I guess the the bigger requests which we
will start to get more of in the future
because we do have another program on the
go to try and create this new firm data
platform.
So the bigger requests right now tend to
be Emma and Gordon,
you can jump in and correct me if I'm
wrong here.
But the bigger requests tend to be
managed through Jira.
At the moment they become kind of more
project based,
Mhm.
Yeah.
OK.
whereas the smaller ones it does tend to
be a a share will ticket.
We can mature in terms of how we split
that work in the team as well.
Right now we might have a really senior
analyst still handling data extracts for
instance.
So I think through this we can start to
get a bit smarter and how we work and
maybe have more junior people in the team
doing those extracts and and kind of
Yeah.
reserving time for senior analysts to do
the development type work.
OK, yeah, makes sense.
OK, thanks. Yeah, Wayne,
Wayne gave us a low down on the the Data
Lake project and the Jira approach.
I don't know if Tim's on the call,
but he's also explained that to us.
So all all aligned there.
We prioritisation,
we spoke a bit about that. Yeah,
I was going to say do we want to kind of
auto prioritise based on whether it's new
and change and then help is a lower
prioritisation.
But I think we've already kind of covered
that so I can update that as we discussed.
E-mail notifications.
I said at the start from what my take so
far of all the sessions is that we need
to kind of align on what emails we will
be sending out in future because I know
it's been a been a topic in recent
history so.
I would normally think that on these
requests you would send an e-mail to the
request that upon completion,
but as I said we we do notify them in the
employee centre,
probably trying to limit emails where
where we can.
I don't know if anybody has a a strong
view on whether from their experience
this needs to get an e-mail on completion
or even on receipt. Hey Tim.
Hello, mate. Yeah, sorry.
Going back to the prioritisation on
Oh, yeah.
previous workshops,
we've actually discussed prioritising
based on persona.
So maybe a VIP you mentioned earlier,
Gordon,
you get you see levels come in and they
Yeah.
want it delivering now.
Maybe it's we could do something on that
OK.
They.
as well.
Yeah. The issue we'd have there, Tom,
is that most of the requests would come
through practice executive for a
secretary rather than from that C-suite
or partner level themselves.
So how we'd identify who's requested it
from that? I don't know.
That might be different, yeah.
It can be, yeah,
you could do it requested for on behalf
of.
Oh, OK. That'd be good. Yeah.
That'll be work. Yeah, that may work.
That's a good one. I like that.
Mm.
3.
Yeah, I I think.
I think just sorry, Josh, are you all?
Uh, I feel like, yeah, go on Jill, you go,
you go.
I.
I was,
I was just going to come back to the
e-mail notifications.
I think that's perhaps on persona as well.
Hmm.
It depends on who that is and whether
they're going to be sitting in service
now or whether they will be only going
into it when they've got something to do
on it, so.
And yeah,
we probably just need to agree that maybe
at an enterprise level to start with what
that looks like and work from there I
It's a big change curve for this firm.
You guys have probably heard it in other
think.
workshops,
but there is a kind of narrative that,
and I don't believe it's true,
but there is a narrative that partners
won't click on links and that we have to
attach things and almost spoon feed them
with information.
So there will be that change curve and
we'll probably need some change support
to be able to to handle some of that I
think.
Yeah, OK. Yeah,
that that was kind of what I what I took
Yeah.
as well.
I was just kind of writing down what what
Yeah.
I'd seen previously,
but that is my my learning gear also
I think the term's suggestion on the
prioritisation though if if if the
aligned.
request can be submitted on behalf of
someone else,
Hmm.
I think that's that would help us.
That would be good.
We we do that as typical. Anyway,
to be honest, on any request,
you'd either request it for yourself or
request on behalf of someone else.
Yeah, cool.
It's a pretty I I can't remember whether
that's something that's gone right across
Yeah.
Jill,
but I'm pretty certain that this Jill
just dropped off. Oh no, you're there.
Haven't you just moved on my screen? Yeah,
Yeah, no, I'm here.
What she said.
Mhm.
so it was.
Something that we said we we'd have right
across the ability, didn't we? Yeah, good,
Yeah, it's going to be necessary. Yeah,
definitely.
Cool. That's good.
100%, yeah.
OK, good stuff.
I think we're we're coming to decisions
in places,
some things to that need to go to ask
level,
some things need to go to enterprise
level,
but we are coming to decisions at this
level integration wise.
I'm not foreseeing any.
To to bring this to life as as we've
designed it, just want to align on that.
No.
It might be worth just referencing that
the it's none for this specifically,
but you'll utilize the core foundational
user data to identify the users and
things like that. Josh might be.
Yeah,
the the the standard required data to
Yeah, exactly.
But it might just be worth referencing it
make the whole thing work. OK, yeah.
just for completeness, I think.
Can do yet.
So because you're able to say who it's on
Yeah, exactly. Yeah,
just identify the user.
behalf of and whatnot, yeah.
Hello so and so you you want to raise a
report request. Here you go.
Yeah,
I guess I just saw that mark is coming
through a higher level and then this is
lower. But yeah,
OK, forget it.
I just it was just it was just a
I I could put it there for clarity.
I could put it there.
reflection because if someone came at
this blank and said what do you mean no
OK.
integrations? Well,
how am I going to know who that person is?
All I was going to do is just say none
specific.
It's it's I'm belt and braces mate,
ignore me.
Yeah, yeah, that's a good point.
I'll put it in for belt and braces, OK.
And then on a reporting level,
so each operator is going to have their
own agent workspace,
which which I can show you guys kind of
looks like a dashboard and we can put
what we want on there.
Pending items, items assigned to us,
high priority things,
things that are running towards end of
their clock.
So that's going to be the operator level
dashboard or reports and then above that
we we're thinking of having kind of team
level reports. So we want to.
Come up with what the the team leads
might think are are useful things to show
on a report.
So probably how many tasks assigned and
what types of tasks assigned and
completed, etcetera.
So we'll we'll come up with a view of
that for you guys.
Guys,
I've actually got some suggestions on a
later slide actually, but would you,
would you have a view on that one, Gordon,
Emma and Wayne on what you might like to
see in a team manager lead level report?
OK.
I'll let Emma and Gordon go.
I've got a few ideas,
but I'll let those guys go.
Yep.
I was just going to say as well, sorry,
we do do some level of reporting on this.
I think we talked about it in one of the
other workshops, Josh,
in in terms of what we get out of
Sharewell.
Yeah.
So I'll I'll share that anyway so that
you've got a base,
but anything that we can improve on and
that would be great.
Yeah, yeah.
The problem with the current report,
Perfect. Yeah.
I guess, Joe, is it's not live. You know,
we refresh,
it's in Power BI and it refreshes once a
week.
Exactly, yeah.
So it's it's more of a look back at
what's happened rather than the current,
Yeah.
you know,
current state of which a team we'd be
Yeah, where we are, yeah.
more interested in what's happening now.
Yeah.
So yeah,
I guess current Q levels for each agent
would be useful.
How many they've got currently assigned,
how many they've completed,
that sort of thing would be useful.
You get any other?
Yeah.
And it's kind of come coming close to
kind of deadlines, things like that.
So we can keep an eye and kind of chase
Mhm, yeah.
up. That would be helpful.
All right, perfect. Yeah, that's, uh,
that's what I was thinking as well.
Yes.
It's great.
Yeah.
It's probably similar to many of the
other teams to be honest.
I think it's across askable as much as
possible,
OK.
not want to put round pegs into square
holes,
but trying to kind of mirror what the
team leads are keeping an eye on.
So your things like agent tickets and
stuff that I think came up in the the
people workshop would be useful for this
team as well.
One more nuanced one,
particularly for the reporting team that
I would be quite keen to see is just the
number of scheduled reports that we have.
Yep.
There is a kind of constant push to try
and reduce the number of scheduled
reports and we'll try and start to push
people towards more self-service options.
So just to keep an eye on that trend of
are we going up or down?
Down in terms of those scheduled reports,
are we decommissioning more than we're
Mhm, yeah.
creating, I guess?
OK, great. Yeah,
that's that's perfect type of thing that
we will try and absolutely standardise
where we can,
but throughout the workshops there's been
a few of these these kind of niche needs
per team to try and cater.
So that's good information.
OK. And that's really the bulk of it.
I think I had some couple of calls to
action here. Let me just click through.
So reports we've just talked about,
but as I said,
there's a few things that we've done
historically and we can recommend,
but it's it's really going to be.
Based on real life.
So actually that that bottom one maybe
somewhat reflects what we're saying in
the report portfolio. Yeah,
SLA compliance and task turn around.
So kind of normal stuff there,
but I think we've spoken about the the
important bits,
but we have some some things to compare
against.
On that knowledge management,
if I click the button,
it's going to do a bit of a distracting
demo, but on the on the left there.
So if there's things that you guys have,
do you have at the moment any employee
facing articles to maybe help employees
get what they need without needing to
send a request?
To.
We don't,
but I think recently there's been a
No.
couple of how to videos put together,
how to get things out of three etcetera,
OK.
which every everyone's got access to
three,
so but they just come to us because we
can do it quicker.
Yeah.
So maybe if we educate them on how to do
it themselves.
Yeah, great. Well, well done.
Yeah.
It's a really good show, Gordon.
I think that because we we are,
the team are kind of in a transition
phase as we are moving more towards Power
BI dashboards etcetera.
So I think I would definitely like to
make more use of that stuff in the future,
those kind of how to guides.
Details of what is available in Fusion,
details of what is available in the free,
just so we can better signpost to people.
Mhm.
Perfect. Yeah, because we can put,
we can put.
I'm trying to skip back so I can see it.
If people go into the knowledge base
specifically,
they can search and come up with with
anything to do with reports,
maybe find what they need,
but also in the actual form that we
talked about, we can display.
Different knowledge articles based on
what they've selected and even based on
You could.
what they've typed in.
So we'll we'll do that in a smart way to
try and get them to self-serve as much as
they can.
We do also have just to add that just one
of the other team,
they're not moving on to ServiceNow at
this point,
but the data governance team obviously
works quite closely with the reporting
team.
They've got quite a good SharePoint with
stuff like data definitions etcetera on
there, but it's not really used.
I think if it was more in this kind of
knowledge base,
it might be a bit more useful to.
OK.
The business,
so there is probably content that we
could provide for that.
Perfect.
Yeah, that'd be good, yeah.
Yeah.
All right, good stuff. Yeah,
I think that that could that could drive
a lot of efficiency. That's nice to hear.
All right.
So it's it's probably seems like a
relative quick one.
So we kind of had a quick discussion
previously and now we're on this
iteration I think we've got.
Really good feedback here.
I should be able to come up with now
somewhat final designs.
There's a few pieces there that are still
pending definition,
but we'll next phase for us guys is going
to be writing user stories over the next
weeks and we'll share those with you and
you'll have visibility of what we're
we're.
Planning to design and you'll be able to
see what we're coming up with and we'll
be able to discuss that and then.
Yeah,
we will go into build and then there'll
be a testing phase and as I mentioned at
the start there'll be a training phase.
So you'll have a whole bunch of
experience in the the system before we we
get to live, which is next September.
The additional info that you want,
you're looking for us,
If it was anything, don't worry, yeah.
That's great.
are you happy for just upload that to the
teams channel?
The the form level stuff we discussed
earlier. Yeah, yeah, please,
Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's fine. Yeah,
we can do that.
if you can upload to the team,
that'll be perfect.
Nice one. That's great. Yeah.
I know,
I know you guys have already have it
covered Josh,
but just to kind of emphasize it,
biggest part or a huge part of what the
team do is that scheduled reporting.
So we're I guess we're really relying on
reminders or you know tasks being
automatically created within Cherwell for
the team that is the trigger for the team
to then go produce that when we say
scheduled reports.
It's not like we've got a scheduler
that's automatically sending out reports
for us.
It's the team are reminded to manually
crank that report at various intervals.
So just to make sure that that's captured
Hmm.
and understood, yeah.
Yeah, OK. We, yeah,
we we are catering for scheduled tasks
and things throughout the team.
So I I think we'll we'll tackle that in
the same in the same vein, but noted. OK,
right. Was there,
Yeah.
was there anything else realise that was?
It will fly through, but it's, uh,
hopefully making sense, yeah.
Plus, Wayne,
just in terms of the schedule pause just
'cause, you know,
most clients I work with,
they try to reduce as you mentioned you
know reduce the number of scheduled ports.
Is there a?
Is there a ticket that is set to team to
then say? Well,
actually it's been I'm making this up,
let's say 90 days since the scheduled
port has been running.
Or 12 months since been running.
We've looked at usage.
We need to go back to the report on our
user to make sure that we validated that
it's still relevant.
Let me close.
Is there any kind of ticket like that
that we need to kind of consider?
It's it would be great if we could.
I think in the reporting catalogue at the
moment we do have a review date. Gordon,
I'm not sure how well we police it though.
Yeah, we yeah, we do.
We do the the periodic screen test
I don't know how rigorous we are.
basically where we'll we'll we'll add a
add a paragraph to the bottom of the
OK.
Yeah.
report saying you know please let us know
by X date if this is still required
otherwise we're going to decommission it.
Yeah, you decommission it to your screams,
you know? Yeah.
Josh,
you might be signing for us to just add
in terms of you know filling when it says
it's new, it's scheduled,
it's run for X duration.
We just want to make it clear so then we.
Can.
You have some way of kind of reporting
against when the schedule reports can be
Hmm.
closed out,
potentially closed down or validated.
Yeah, that's a good call. That's it.
Just just on that one, Josh, and again,
I'm literally shooting from the hip here
Hey.
with my thought processes,
but we could almost treat them in a
similar way to the knowledge cycle that
says there's a review period that auto
triggers an action for the team to just
go revisit. Is it still required?
Do you know what I mean?
I wonder if there's something we could.
We could look at.
So not only you've got the sort of the
wider,
a schedule view of you know like almost
like a forward schedule of changes.
These are all the things that you've got
going on and then each one of those
reports may be that after a period of
time has a you know.
Flag up to say,
just check this is still in use. You know,
something like that.
Just checking in with the owner.
Is it still useful? Is it still working?
Yeah, go on, Parikh.
I was hoping you were going to jump in
and help me out.
You know what I'm talking.
You know where I'm you know what I'm
Exactly what you said. Yeah, yeah.
What we have done before is, you know,
visualising, don't you?
The life cycle, yeah.
we have kind of reserved a part of
knowledge for that same purpose.
Yeah.
So we can actually repurpose knowledge to
manage the reporting life cycle.
Similar to your knowledge owners,
you can have reporting owners assigned to
a report.
They can exactly leverage the same
knowledge capability you've seen in
knowledge,
but they'll have their own area and
they'll have their own own own
classifications. For those,
they will not appear on the portal or
anything else.
We'll receive them for internal review
and that's how we keep it kind of
out-of-the-box and give you the
capability to review these going forwards,
Yeah.
yeah.
That would be great. We need that.
That would just just from a regular point
of view,
you know it does kind of take that good
governance and also just for me to kind
of be satisfied regularly getting a
quarterly report to to make sure that
these have been reviewed and data owners
to we could formalize that process a wee
bit. That would be super.
We'll certainly investigate it. Go on,
Joe, you got your hand up.
Just one thing that's popped into my head
is around how we share the reports at the
moment.
So I'm assuming you attach them basically
when you're sending them back out to your
requesters,
or do you point them to links of
centralized places where they are?
Yeah.
The majority will be attachments to
emails, yeah.
Attached, yeah.
OK,
which just makes me think about that
other conversation we had in one of the
other workshops around how long or do
they need to stay in the system or can
they be purged out of service?
Now once they've been seen,
are they saved centrally elsewhere?
Do we need to keep copies of them?
The the the document management topic,
yeah.
Yeah,
it's not necessarily one we need to
I.
answer in this group,
but it's just something we need to be
Yeah.
really mindful of because there'll be
loads going through this team.
We probably don't get much beyond a few
months where someone would refer back to
a previous report. Um.
At the moment we saved them down,
but in a central folder where we can a
ticket reference and everything.
So we've got,
So you've got that, OK.
And is that something the system could
Yeah.
we've got a copy of it somewhere, yeah.
help automate for us?
If we identify where that central place
is,
can it do it once it's sent or do we
still have to take that as a manual step?
You mean to send the the link to the
document out?
It could be.
Automatically.
You'll save it first though, won't you?
Will you save it centralized first and
Yeah. And then, yeah.
then send it right? Forget it. Ignore me.
My brain's not working.
Yeah.
Mhm.
Unless there's a way to access the.
To have the document library copy to a
SharePoint folder somewhere or something
like that.
I don't know if that's possible.
I'm overcomplicating, Gordon,
just I'm not quite with it.
Yeah.
Yeah, I said. This is my first one.
It's the last one of our first workshops.
I'm just a little bit like, right,
sorry guys.
But so that sounds like we can purge them
from the system then because you're
saving them centrally.
So that's really the answer we needed.
Great. Thank you.
Yeah, OK.
Do you when you go now? No, you go.
Gordon, sorry, Wayne,
I I was just going to ask Gordon,
am I right in saying that macro enabled
documents or they're not able to be sent
out from Sharewell or anything,
aren't they not?
I think did we get that changed? You know,
we changed it.
Yeah, I think.
We changed it for I managed links,
didn't we?
Yeah, so the yeah, there's the.
So we could send I managed links macro
enabled.
I genuinely can't remember if we can do
that anymore. Can we do it?
We can well that was the one remember
when we pressed the e-mail with I manage
The.
attachment it pops up as a normal e-mail
and I'm sure that we allowed us to send
macro enabled files.
That was our kind of work around.
Yeah, So what?
Uh, cool.
Yeah.
So what happens just now is it's similar
to I think what ask can ask client and
ask data management do sometimes when
they're sending things out.
So basically for TQ IMAS perspective
we've got like a an action and share well
underneath like the action list which is
like generate CMI. So what happens is.
It kind of takes the team out of Cherwell
and Outlook window pops up and they
basically send that e-mail from Outlook.
But because it's got the CMI number at
the bottom,
it automatically like merges with the
case within Cherwell.
I was just wondering like will that be OK
from a ServiceNow perspective like.
I think we'd have to look at that,
you know,
unless Pari can shoot straight away and
say yes, it's doable.
But let me play back what I think you're
saying is that the point at which they
want to you're looking to send the report
currently in Cherwell because you've got
macros in those reports and what have you
and it's.
Yeah.
You you basically use the Outlook
generator to create to pop out a e-mail
structure.
It pulls certain information from the
Yeah.
record as it creates that e-mail
structure.
You drop the document in and then you
send it.
And am I right in saying that when you've
done that nothing is saved in Cherwell or
Mhm.
is the document?
Itself still saved in Cherwell.
So the the e-mail will be saved as a
journal entry,
Mm.
but I don't think it saves the attachment.
Yeah.
No,
just have the link in it in the body of
Yeah.
the journal because the problem is
Sharewell won't allow us to send macro
enabled documents,
so that's why we have to save it outside
Yeah, just there's a couple of, yeah,
it's the usual couple of file extensions
Yeah.
and send a link.
OK.
that are that are banned from sending.
But in the interest of,
in the interest of sort of efficient,
not having heavy weighted emails slinging
around,
if you're saving something locally in an
open area,
would you not just send them the link and
get so that they?
Click the link from within there,
or do you always send the actual attached
Yeah, we don't. We don't have a,
we don't have a space really that we
report?
could save those sort of things that all
our customers could access, you know?
OK.
A lot of the stuff we might send.
Particularly when it comes to
confidential matters are only for the
addressee only,
so we wouldn't want that being in an open
area, yeah.
Yeah, OK. OK, understood. Well,
we'll catch that as a requirement and
So.
then we'll work out.
I think.
Is it the same challenge in service now,
Mark?
I'm I.
I was hoping Parek's going to jump in.
I've certainly not experienced it,
but I'll shut up and let Parek have the
But.
I I would say it's not a technical
challenge.
floor.
We just need to understand who should be
the audience for the report,
where should it be stored.
And as I said earlier,
using ServiceNow as a document store is
not advisable.
If it's a report which is already built
in ServiceNow natively,
it's easier to give people access.
But if you want to have a format which is
stored as an attachment to a reporting
Thanks.
management kind of form,
then it becomes a bit a bit challenging
because externals don't have access to
this anyway.
But we need to manage it somehow so that
you can expose it to the audience.
So.
So let us take it back.
We'll check what's the best solution and
come back to you.
But technically it's not a problem.
We just want to.
So.
I just want to understand some interplays
between various personas and the and the
Yeah, I think the biggest.
people who want to see it and the format.
OK,
I just want to make sure that we're
talking about the same challenge here.
I don't think it's about where that macro
Mm.
enabled documents saved.
It's more about how we send that because
and Gordon mail correct me if I'm wrong,
but I don't know the tech reasons for it,
Yeah.
right?
But Share will won't allow us to send an
It's it's the failure, yeah.
actual.
File that's got macros in it.
So if that's not an issue in ServiceNow,
It's the file extension, so.
Yep.
then it's not an issue.
Yeah,
there's certain file extensions that
aren't allowed.
I manage attachments being one of them.
XLSM documents or macro enabled Excel
files, they're not allowed.
So that's the problem.
We can't send those file extensions from
Cherwell,
so we have to work around it and use
Outlook.
So.
So can we send XLSM documents through
ServiceNow?
So sometimes macros are blocked by
security anyway because you're you are
your SAS platform,
the platform will send it out.
So either even if you allow from service
now it could be that destination blocks
OK.
So it's maybe still a OK,
I get you Paddock.
it because it's got macros in there.
So you'll have to.
Yeah, so I.
So it's maybe still us that's blocking
that from our security kind of things. OK,
OK.
Address that.
Yeah.
yeah.
So that's something just to consider.
Then we will need to find a workaround
for that, yeah.
Yeah.
We'll keep a note and we'll see.
We could, yeah, yeah.
I was going to say that it's, yeah,
I don't believe it's a Sharewell thing.
I believe it's an Asher thing that blocks
it. I actually think I've got,
Fine.
Uh, OK.
I think I've got a list of the file types
that Sharewell accepts or it doesn't
accept. I can't remember,
but I can try and dig that out if that's
So it's funny that it would block,
funny that it would block.
Cool.
any use.
I manage links considering that sort of
main document management system.
I know if it helps.
Happens.
Just an IT thing, isn't it?
We just need to explore it with IT.
Yeah,
if it helps and if anyone wants a demo of
Yeah.
like that generate CMI action like from
Sharewill,
just let me know I'm I'm more than happy
to to show you.
Great, Mel. I'll,
I'll connect with you separately on that
one then. You'll be good to have a look.
Yeah. Thanks.
Cool. No worries at all.
2.
OK.
I said next thing we'll we'll be in touch,
well put might be in touch about the the
form fields Gordon and what not just to
clarify we've got it, got it right.
But we'll be in touch about user stories
and you'll have a have a view there as
well. So another another view on our.
Next iteration as it were. OK.
Anything else guys?
OK.
I know for some good things come up
organically, but open to anything else,
They.
No.
Very last thing for me, Josh,
it's just on back to those scheduled
yeah.
cases that the team handle each of them
or depending on the complexity of it,
but each of them will probably work
instruction associated with it just in
terms of how to actually complete the
report.
So just making sure probably a knowledge
article,
but making sure those scheduled cases can
then link into that knowledge.
Yeah.
Yep, if it's a step one by Mark, sorry.
Yeah, I was just going to say, Wayne,
what what you know,
what I've seen in the past is the,
you know,
like the knowledge articles triggered by
the title of the report.
So as soon as they soon as they sort of
start on it,
there's a there's a reference to the
knowledge article and a link straight to
it so they can tap into it view.
Come out of it, action, etcetera.
So we'd look to make that really slick.
Yeah, that's good.
Fantastic.
Nice. Yeah,
I think we can add a lot of value here
with with what we've just spoken through.
Sounds like we could mature the the
system quite a lot. Cool. All right.
If that's it then, then happy to close.
Feel free to send any other questions or
thoughts.
Emma, do you want,
do you want a view of the employee centre?
Do you want me to send some stuff or have
a call so you can get a view on what it's
Yeah, that would be smashing.
If you don't mind, that would be great.
going to look like? Yeah, absolutely,
yeah.
So I've also organised Emma to have you
get access to the shared space.
So all the previous workshop recordings,
everything,
documents that have been shared are all
in there.
Oh, no.
So you'll get that and then any future
kind of invites that are reporting
related or like ServiceNow ask related,
you'll be included in those as well.
Yeah.
I just want to take a second to say this
is our last ask workshop.
We have done it in one hour, 5 minutes.
That is an absolute record.
Thank you very much everyone. Great job.
It's been amazing.
Is that is that because you've got?
Is that because you've got so good at
It's like, it's like second nature.
So we were in a session,
them or because it's us?
It's because it's you. It's you.
Yeah.
You're here, Gordon. That's it.
we were in a session yesterday, Gordon,
we're we're all like literally merging
into the same person.
Everybody's going to the mic to say
exactly the same thing and you just kind
of go, oh, that's what I was going to say.
So sign of a good team, I think,
but thank you very much everyone.
Oh.
That's fine.
Yeah.
It's been great.
Oh.
Yeah, thank you. Thank you, Joe.
Right. No worries, right.
Thanks you. Bye, everybody. Thanks you.
Take care. Bye. Bye.
Take care. All right. Take care. Bye. Bye.
Thanks. Thank you. See you later. Bye,
bye.